Improve README to say more on what witnesses are/do (#348)
transparency-dev/witness: README.md

Users wishing to run this should start with the [OmniWitness](./cmd/omniwitness/).

## Importance of Witnesses

Some important terminology:

Term                | Definition
--------------------|------------
Log                 | A verifiable data structure that commits to a list of entries
Append Only         | New entries added to a log can only be added to the end of the list
Checkpoint          | A Checkpoint is a _signed_ commitment to the state of a Log at a given size
Split View          | A split view is a situation where a Log presents two views of its data where one is not a prefix of the other
Consistency Proof   | A crytographic proof between two checkpoints that proves one of them is an Append Only evolution of the other

> Witness             | Tracks one or more logs, verifying Consistency Proofs to ensure it cannot cross any Split Views

Reviewer: I think it might be important to add here that a Witness also attests to consistency.

Author: Added that it signs checkpoints.

This fundamentally undermines the main property of logs: _discoverability_.
Discoverability ensures that any data that is relied upon by one user will eventually be discovered and verified by someone that is holding the claimant and the log to account.
See https://transparency.dev/how-to-design-a-verifiable-system/ for information on the Claimant Model, which succinctly describes roles in a transparency ecosystem.

A Witness keeps a single Checkpoint for each log in secure storage.
On first initialization, this Checkpoint may come from the Log and be Trusted On First Use (TOFU).
Thereafter:
 1. The witness acquires a new Checkpoint and a Consistency Proof from its previous state
 2. This Consistency Proof is verified, and if the new Checkpoint is confirmed to be Append Only from the previous one, it updates its state
 3. The new Checkpoint is countersigned by the Witness, and made available to the public

A feature of [Checkpoints](https://c2sp.org/tlog-checkpoint) is that they allow multiple signatures to be added.
This means that a common way to see Checkpoints in a witnessed ecosystem is with a log signature first, and then multiple witness signatures.

> An example witnessed checkpoint is:

Reviewer: This isn't guaranteed by the note format, and I suspect it's only _our_ witness which goes the extra mile to sort signatures in this way.

Checkpoint          | A Checkpoint is a _signed_ commitment to the state of a Log at a given size
Split View          | A split view is a situation where a Log presents two views of its data where one is not a prefix of the other
Consistency Proof   | A crytographic proof between two checkpoints that proves one of them is an Append Only evolution of the other

> Witness             | Tracks one or more logs, verifying Consistency Proofs to ensure it cannot cross any Split Views, and signs witnessed Checkpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Witness             | Tracks one or more logs, verifying Consistency Proofs to ensure it cannot cross any Split Views, and counter-signs consistent Checkpoints
```
?
